I’m a student from India and want to learn Python. I think it will be beneficial for me to get into a good firm. But I’ve no job of my own to carry the expanses to pay for the certificate of this course. In this circumstance, it is very much difficult for me to gather such amount of money for the certificate. Financial Aid will help me take this course without any adverse impact on my monthly essential needs. So I’m badly in need of this financial aid.Receiving this Financial Aid will open for me a new horizons of the world of Coursera courses , which in turn will help me in future .Sir we are three brothers and we all are at learning stage and it becomes a lot difficult for the family members to pay the whole amount for all the three of us and if I add up my course it will make even harder for them to pay. Sir, I need this course very badly for my CV and for increasing my knowledge about the subject.

Ever since I was introduced to Python almost a year ago , I’ve been fascinated by it. I understood that I require a professional help with Python. I want to complete the course due to my curiosity and also that I can put a good CV to a get applied to a job.The Python course by University of Michigan in Coursera has everything I need to build upon my existing knowledge in Python. This Course will boost my job prospects after graduation from my institute. It will help perform better in carrying out various programs in a computer language and give me an edge over my competitors. A verified certificate will attach credibility to the certificate I receive from this course. I plan to complete all assignments on or before time. I believe this will an invaluable learning opportunity. The first course, will help me kick off this journey of mine by acquainting me with the required tools for Python.

Sir, the financial status of the family is not too good to pay the loan amount. We already have a lot of dept in the bank and my parents are paying it on regular basis. It would make their life even harder to add a new loan over them. So i don't want to put any pressure over them. It would be a great help for me to get a good job and help my family if I'm able to get this course.


2

I am applying for financial aid because I am more interested in studying Python and develop my CV so that it would be help full in my job opportunities. My family or myself or in n state to pay my courses fee due to low income for my father. I am a student in college and pursuing my goals in my life. This financial aid will be a great help to kick of my start in the software industry. I think it will be beneficial for me to get into a good firm. But I’ve no job of my own to carry the expanses to pay for the certificate of this course. In this circumstance, it is very much difficult for me to gather such amount of money for the certificate. Financial Aid will help me take this course without any adverse impact on my monthly essential needs. Receiving this financial aid will help me in my future and increase my knowledge in Python.

When I came to know about the role of python in the software industry and the content of it made me learn this language which is great. But I came to know at a point that I cannot  learn this by myself and needed professional teaching which I found the best in coursera. This course offered by University of Michigan has all I needed to learn. I have some doubt about the using database with python which made me perfect to learn this course. I am doing my specialization in python already I have completed the first course and now doing my second course and this is the fourth course in it and will be really helpful if I complete this specialization. This Course will boost my job prospects after graduation from my institute. It will help perform better in carrying out various programs in a computer language and give me an edge over my competitors.

The financial status of my family is not good right now to pay loan amount and support me in my courses. My parents are able pay only my college fee yearly and expenses. Already my parents are in lot of dept and I don't want to keep pressuring them. It would be a great help for me to get a good job and help my family.
